Harold Edwin Ballard (born Edwin Harold Ballard, July 30, 1903 – April 11, 1990) was a Canadian businessman and sportsman.

Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment Ltd. (MLSE) is a professional sports and commercial real estate company based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.

William Owen Sydney Ballard (November 10, 1946 – March 14, 2014) was a businessman and concert promoter.

David Ayres (born August 12, 1977) is a Canadian ice hockey player, the first and only emergency backup goaltender to record a win in the history of the National Hockey League (NHL).

John White Hughes Bassett,  (August 25, 1915 &ndash; April 27, 1998) was a Canadian media proprietor and politician.

Downsview Park (Parc Downsview) is a large urban park located in the Downsview neighborhood in the North York district of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.

BMO Field is an outdoor stadium located at Exhibition Place in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, which is home to Toronto FC of Major League Soccer and the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League.

John Paris Bickell, also known as Jack Bickell, (September 26, 1884 – August 22, 1951) was a Canadian businessman, philanthropist, and sports team owner.

The Cincinnati Tigers were a minor league ice hockey team in the Central Hockey League during the 1981–82 season.

Coca-Cola Coliseum (French: Colisée Coca-Cola) is an arena at Exhibition Place in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, used for agricultural displays, ice hockey and trade shows.

GolTV was a Canadian English language Category B specialty channel.

The Denver Invaders were a minor pro ice hockey team that played in Denver, Colorado in the Western Hockey League (WHL) during the 1963-1964 season.

George A. Cope (born 28 July 1961) is a Canadian businessman, and the former CEO of Bell Canada.

The Ford Performance Centre, formerly Mastercard Centre For Hockey Excellence, is a hockey facility located in the Etobicoke district of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.

The Hamilton Tiger-Cats are a professional Canadian football team based in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.

Leafs Nation Network (formerly Leafs TV) is a Canadian English language Category B regional specialty channel owned by Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment Ltd. Leafs Nation Network broadcasts programming related to the Toronto Maple Leafs National Hockey League club and its American Hockey League affiliate, the Toronto Marlies.

Allan A. Lamport Stadium is the practice facility for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League.

Timothy J. Leiweke (born April 21, 1957) is an American sports executive who is the chief executive officer of the Oak View Group.

Dale H. Lastman, C.M. (born 19 March 1957) is the current Chair of Goodmans.

Maple Leaf Gardens is a historic building located at the northwest corner of Carlton Street and Church Street in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.

NBA TV Canada is a Canadian English language specialty channel owned by Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment (MLSE).

Maple Leaf Square is a multi-use complex and public square located in the South Core neighbourhood of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.

Michael Friisdahl (born in Roskilde, Denmark) is the President and Chief Executive Officer of Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment, a sports and entertainment company.

La Barra Brava is an independent supporters' group for Major League Soccer's D.C. United and the United States.

The Empire Supporters Club, or ESC, is one of the oldest supporters club in Major League Soccer and the largest supporters club dedicated to the New York Red Bulls of Major League Soccer.

Emerald City Supporters (ECS) is an independent supporters' group for Major League Soccer's Seattle Sounders FC.

Gorilla FC (GFC) is an independent supporters' group for Major League Soccer's Seattle Sounders FC.

The Dallas Beer Guardians are an independent supporters group of Major League Soccer's FC Dallas and a member of the Independent Supporters Council.

RagingBullNation, formerly known as MetroNation, is a supporters group for the New York Red Bulls of Major League Soccer.

The Red Patch Boys is an officially recognized supporters group for Major League Soccer's Toronto FC.

The Midnight Riders is the independent supporters group for the New England Revolution of Major League Soccer.

La Norte (also La Curva Norte or The Northside) was a soccer supporters' club affiliated with Major League Soccer side D.C. United.

The Hudson Street Hooligans (HSH) are an independent supporters group for Columbus Crew SC of Major League Soccer.

The Screaming Eagles are a supporters club of the Major League Soccer (MLS) team D.C. United and of the United States national soccer teams.

Section 8 Chicago is the independent supporters' association for the Chicago Fire.

The Sons of Ben (SoBs) is an independent supporters group for Philadelphia Union of Major League Soccer.

Seattle Sounders FC supporters are the supporters of the Major League Soccer club Seattle Sounders FC which was established in 2007 and played its first MLS season in 2009.

The Third Rail is an independent supporters group for New York City FC of Major League Soccer.

The Timbers Army is an independent supporters group of Portland Timbers, a soccer club in Major League Soccer&mdash;the top tier of the United States soccer pyramid.

U-Sector is an independent supporters' group for Major League Soccer's Toronto FC.

This article contains information on Toronto FCs supporters groups.

The Vancouver Southsiders is an independent supporters group for Vancouver Whitecaps FC of Major League Soccer.

This is an incomplete list of U.S. college mascot's names, consisting of named incarnations of live, costumed, or inflatable mascots.

The use of terms and images referring to Native Americans and First Nations as the name or mascot for a sports team is a topic of public controversy in the United States and Canada.

The following is a list of American sports team names and mascots that are based upon or use religious symbolism.

Sports teams named Redskins are part of the larger Native American mascot controversy regarding the use of Native American names, images and symbols by non-native sports teams.

In 2005 the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) distributed a "self evaluation" to its member institutions for teams to examine the use of potentially offensive imagery with their mascot choice.

Blizzard T. Husky is the costumed mascot of the Michigan Tech Huskies.

Boo Hoo the Bear is the mascot of Queen's University in Kingston, Ontario.

The Western Illinois Leathernecks are the teams and athletes that represent Western Illinois University, located in Macomb, Illinois, in NCAA Division I sports.

Colonel Ebirt was the unofficial school mascot for the College of William & Mary from 2001 to 2005.

Butler Blue is the English Bulldog mascot that serves as the official live mascot of Butler University.

Cosmo is the official mascot of Brigham Young University's (BYU) athletic teams.

The Gorlok is Webster University's school mascot.

The Duke Dog is the official mascot for the James Madison University Dukes.

Doc is the official mascot of Towson University.

Corky the Hornet is the mascot of the Emporia State Hornets, the athletic teams of Emporia State University.

Handsome Dan is a bulldog who serves as the mascot of Yale University's sports teams.

Keggy the Keg is the unofficial mascot of Dartmouth College, an Ivy League college in Hanover, New Hampshire, United States.

Jack the Bulldog is the official mascot of the Georgetown University Hoyas athletic teams.

Reveley, also known as the Griffin, is the mascot of The College of William & Mary.

Hendrix the Husky is a mascot for University of Washington Tacoma.

Louie the Laker is the mascot of Grand Valley State University, located in Allendale, Michigan.

Paws or Paws, the Husky  is the current mascot of the Northeastern University Huskies.

Monte, short for Montana, is the University of Montana's award-winning athletics mascot.

Petey is the mascot for the Canisius Golden Griffins, the athletic teams of Canisius College in Buffalo, New York, USA.

Eustace B. Nifkin is the unofficial student and tradition at the SUNY College of Environmental Science and Forestry.

Reggie Redbird is the mascot for Illinois State University located in Normal, Illinois.

The Western Illinois Leathernecks are the teams and athletes that represent Western Illinois University, located in Macomb, Illinois, in NCAA Division I sports.

Rodney the Raven is the official mascot of the Anderson University.

Since 2013, NMSU's athletics logo has been a caricature of Old West gunfighter and lawman Frank "Pistol Pete" Eaton, copied from that of Oklahoma State.

Scrappy is the mascot of the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga, located in Chattanooga, Tennessee.

Tarzán is the official mascot of the University of Puerto Rico at Mayagüez, also known as "Colegio".

Stormy is the cyclonic costumed mascot for Lake Erie College.

Spike the Bulldog is the mascot for the Gonzaga University Bulldogs, also known officially as the Zags.

Swoop is Eastern Washington University's athletics mascot.

Stomper the Maverick is the mascot for the Minnesota State Mavericks athletics teams of the Minnesota State University, Mankato and the associated club teams and charities.

Temoc (/tēˌmäk/) is the name of the official mascot of The University of Texas at Dallas, while student body is known collectively as the Comets.

The UMBC Retrievers represent the University of Maryland, Baltimore County in NCAA Division I athletics.

The Cal State Fullerton Titans (also known as CSUF or Fullerton Titans) are the athletic teams that represent California State University, Fullerton.

Wolfie the Seawolf is the mascot of Stony Brook University.

Touchdown, or the Big Red Bear, is the unofficial mascot of Cornell University.

YoUDee (pronounced yoo-dee) is a mascot of the University of Delaware, along with Baby Blue.

Vinod Kinariwala (20 September 1924 – 10 August 1942) was an Indian independence activist from Ahmedabad, India.

The number of Indian students studying abroad rapidly increased by 163% between 1999 and 2006 to reach 145,539 as compared to slower growth of 25% between 2006 and 2013 to reach 181,872, according an analysis of UNESCO data.

The Anna University Satellite, or ANUSAT was an Indian student research microsatellite designed, developed & integrated at Aerospace Engineering, Madras Institute of Technology (MIT), Chromepet, Anna University.

2014 Beas River disaster refers to the 8 June 2014 drowning of 24 second-year engineering students (six female and 18 male) and one tour operator from V.N.R. Vignana Jyothi Institute of Engineering and Technology of Hyderabad at the Beas River in Himachal Pradesh.

Mithila Student Union (MSU) (Hindi:मिथिला स्टूडेंट यूनियन) is a non-political student organisation whose sole purpose is the development of Mithila and Maithils living in India.

Nirmaan Organisation, or My India, is a voluntary organization formed by the students of Birla Institute of Technology and Science in Pilani, a town of Rajasthan, India.

Pon Navarasu, a student of Rajah Muthiah Medical College, Annamalai University in Chidambaram, Tamil Nadu, India was murdered on November 6, 1996.

Charu Sharma (born 24 March 1992) is an Indian athlete and performer.

The Women and men Power Line 1090 is an IVRS based dedicated service in Uttar Pradesh, India, to empower women and men from all forms of harassment and ensure their safety in society.

All Assam Students' Union or AASU is a students' organisation in Assam, India.

The All India Sikh Students Federation (AISSF), is a Sikh student organisation and political organisation in India.

All Arunachal Pradesh Students' Union is the apex students' union body in Arunachal Pradesh, India.

All Tai Ahom Students Union (ATASU) or Chom Hom Lik Hen Tai Ahom Tang Mung in Ahom language is a students' union in Assam, India.

All Assam Minority Students' Union is a student organization from the minority community in Assam.

The Naga Students' Union, Delhi (NSUD) is the apex student body of the Nagas living in Delhi.

The Jawaharlal Nehru University Students' Union or JNUSU is a students' union at Jawaharlal Nehru University, New Delhi.

The Banaras Hindu University Students' Union generally abbreviated as "BHU Students' Union or BHUSU", is Students' union of Banaras Hindu University.

Mithila Student Union (MSU) (Hindi:मिथिला स्टूडेंट यूनियन) is a non-political student organisation whose sole purpose is the development of Mithila and Maithils living in India.

Krantikari Yuva Sangathan (KYS) is a student organization in India.

Students' Union of Rajiv Gandhi Government Polytechnic (SURGGP), Itanagar is the Student Union wing of Rajiv Gandhi Government Polytechnic, Itanagar.

Takam Mising Porin Kebang (TMPK) is a students' union in Assam, India.

Panjab University Campus Students Council or PUCSC is Students' union consisting of the departmental representatives and other office bearers like President, Vice-President, Secretary and Joint-Secretary along with 123 Departmental Representatives (DRs) directly elected by the students from the various teaching departments on the Panjab University, Chandigarh campus.

The St. Joseph's College, Jakhama Students' Council SJCJSC is the apex students' body at St. Joseph's College, Jakhama.

Youth For Equality (YFE) is an organisation against caste-based policies and reservations.

The Babylonian Chronicles are a series of tablets recording major events in Babylonian history.

The Babylonian Map of the World (or Imago Mundi) is a Babylonian clay tablet

Against the Stepmother for Poisoning is one of fifteen extant speeches by the Athenian orator Antiphon.

The Al-Yahudu tablets are a collection of about 200 clay tablets from the sixth and fifth centuries BCE on the exiled Judean community in Babylonia following the destruction of the First Temple.

The Duenos inscription is one of the earliest known Old Latin texts, variously dated from the 7th to the 5th century BC. It is inscribed on the sides of a kernos, in this case a trio of small globular vases adjoined by three clay struts.

Darius the Great's Suez Inscriptions were texts written in Old Persian, Elamite, Babylonian and Egyptian on five monuments erected in Wadi Tumilat, commemorating the opening of the "Canal of the Pharaohs", between the Nile and the Bitter Lakes.

The Brooklyn Papyrus (47.218.48 and 47.218.85, also known as the Brooklyn Medical Papyrus) is a medical papyrus dating from ancient Egypt and is one of the oldest preserved writings about medicine and ophiology.

The Berlin Foundry Cup (Erzgießerei-Schale) is a red-figure kylix (drinking cup) from the early 5th century BC. It is the name vase of the Attic vase painter known conventionally as the Foundry Painter.

The "Constitution of the Athenians" (, Athenaion Politeia), also known as "On the Athenian State", is a short treatise on the government and society of classical Athens.

The sarcophagus of Eshmunazar II (Phoenician: ʾšmnʿzr), a Phoenician king of Sidon and the son of King Tabnit (possibly the Greek Tenes), was created in the early 5th century BCE.

The Eurymedon vase is an Attic red-figure oinochoe, a wine jug attributed to the circle of the Triptolemos Painter made ca. 460 BC, which is now in the Museum für Kunst und Gewerbe Hamburg (1981.173) in Hamburg, Germany.

The Metrological Relief is an Ancient Greek relief of a man with arms outstretched, cut with hammer and chisel on a triangular, marble slab between 460 and 430 BC.

The  Helmet of Agighiol  (Coiful de la Agighiol) is a Getae silver helmet dating from the 5th century BC, housed in the National Museum of Romanian History, Bucharest.

The Idalion Tablet is a 5th-century BCE bronze tablet from Idalium (Ιδάλιον), Cyprus.

Negau helmet refers to one of 26 bronze helmets (23 of which are preserved) dating to c. 450 BC–350 BC, found in 1812 in a cache in Ženjak, near Negau, Duchy of Styria (now Negova, Slovenia).

The remains of an Iron Age chariot burial were found near the Bronze Age burial mound at Huly Hill, Newbridge in Scotland, 14 km west of Edinburgh city centre, in advance of development at the Edinburgh Interchange.

The Rylands Papyri are a collection of thousands of papyrus fragments and documents from North Africa and Greece housed at the John Rylands University Library, Manchester, UK.

The Tabnit sarcophagus is the sarcophagus of the Phoenician king Tabnit (Tennes) of Sidon (c.

The Vače Situla (situla z Vač, also vaška situla) is an ornamented Early Iron Age ritual bronze vessel (situla) found in the second half of the 19th century at the Hallstatt Archaeological Site in Vače in central Slovenia.

Gelonus was, according to Herodotus, the capital of the Gelonians.

Arzhan (Аржан) is a site of early Scythian kurgan burials, located in the Tuva Republic, Russia, some 60 km north-west of Kyzyl.

Altina was an ancient settlement or fortress in Scythia Minor.

The Barrows (or Tumuli) of Tasmola are dispersed throughout central Kazakhstan in the Karaganda, Akmola, and Pavlodar regions.

Dahan-e Gholaman (Dahan-i Ġulāmān) or Dahaneh-e Gholaman is the modern name of a major Achaemenid center and archeological site in eastern Iran.

The Issyk kurgan, in south-eastern Kazakhstan, less than 20 km east from the Talgar alluvial fan, near Issyk, is a burial mound discovered in 1969.

Kostromskaya (Костромска́я) is a rural locality (a stanitsa) in Mostovsky District of Krasnodar Krai, Russia, located at the footsteps of the Caucasus Mountains on the Psefir River (Fars' tributary, Kuban basin), 15 km southwest of the town of Labinsk.

Myriv was an ancient (Iron Age) Scythian settlement in Ukraine.

Khotiv hillfort is a hillfort of early Iron Age (Scythian times, 6 century BC) in the village of Khotiv, Ukraine.

Kinđa (Кинђа) is a Copper age kurgan, or burial mound, in Serbia.

The Pazyryk burials are a number of Scythian (Saka)  Iron Age tombs found in the Pazyryk Valley and the Ukok plateau in the Altai Mountains, Siberia, south of the modern city of Novosibirsk,  Russia; the site is close to the borders with China, Kazakhstan and Mongolia.

Scythian Neapolis (Σκυθική Νεάπολις) was a settlement that existed from the end of the 3rd century BC until the second half of the 3rd century AD. Anciently, it was considered a town of the Tauric Chersonesus (Crimea).

Shatial is a transit station with archaeological significance on Karakoram Highway in Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan.

Palakion (Παλάκιον), according to Strabo, was a Scythian fortress in the steppes of Crimea.

The Saka kurgan tombs (Almatinskiye Boraldayskiye Sakskiye Kurgany) are burial mounds of the Saka located in Almaty, Kazakhstan.

Üllő5 is an archeological site in Hungary, near the town of Üllő, next to Budapest.

Tillya tepe, Tillia tepe or Tillā tapa (literally "Golden Hill" or "Golden Mound") is an archaeological site in the northern Afghanistan province of Jowzjan near Sheberghan, excavated in 1978 by a Soviet-Afghan team led by the Greek-Russian archaeologist Viktor Sarianidi, a year before the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan.

The Solokha (Солоха) kurgan is on the left bank of the Dnieper, 18 km from Kamianka-Dniprovska, opposite Nikopol, in eastern Ukraine.

Siracena seems to have been the capital settlement or village of the tribe of Siraces, a powerful, hellenized Sarmatian tribe on the steppe.

The Gallipoli peninsula (Gelibolu Yarımadası;, Chersónisos tis Kallípolis) is located in the southern part of East Thrace, the European part of Turkey, with the Aegean Sea to the west and the Dardanelles strait to the east.

The Dospat (Доспат; Δεσπάτης, Despatis) is a river in the Western Rhodope Mountains, the most important tributary of the Mesta.

Saros Bay or Gulf of Saros (Saros Körfezi) is an inlet of the northern Aegean Sea located north of the Gallipoli Peninsula in northwestern Turkey.

Beglik Tash (Беглик Таш), is a prehistoric rock sanctuary situated on the southern Black Sea coast of Bulgaria, a few kilometers north of the city of Primorsko.

The Erythropotamos (Ερυθροπόταμος, meaning "red river") or Luda reka (Луда река, meaning "mad river") is a river in southern Bulgaria (Haskovo Province) and northeastern Greece (Evros regional unit).

The Nestos (Νέστος) or Mesta (Места), formerly the Mesta Karasu (Ottoman Turkish), is a river in Bulgaria and Greece.

The European side of Turkey is called the Thrace Basin.

The Upper Thracian Plain (Горнотракийска низина, Gornotrakiyska nizina) constitutes the northern part of the historical region of Thrace.

Ardino (Ардино, formerly Eğridere) is a town in southern Bulgaria, in the Rhodope Mountains.

Asenovgrad (Асеновград, until 1934 Stanimaka, Станимака; Στενήμαχος) is a town in central southern Bulgaria, part of Plovdiv Province.

Batak (Батак) is a town in Pazardzhik Province, Southern Bulgaria, not far from the town of Peshtera.

Bratsigovo (Брацигово) is a town in Southern Bulgaria.

Chepelare (Чепеларе) is the principal town in Chepelare Municipality, part of Smolyan Province in Southern Bulgaria.

Kardzhali (Кърджали, Kǎrdžali; Kırcaali;, Kártzali), sometimes spelt Kardzali or Kurdzhali, is a town in the Eastern Rhodopes in Bulgaria, centre of Kardzhali Municipality and Kardzhali Province.

Dzhebel or Djebel (Джебел, Cebel) is a town in Kardzhali Province, southern Bulgaria.

Dospat (Доспат) is a town in the very south of Bulgaria, part of Smolyan Province, situated in the Rhodope Mountains, close to Dospat Dam.

Devin (Девин ) is a spa town in Smolyan Province in the far south of Bulgaria.

Ivaylovgrad (Ивайловград, "city of Ivaylo") is a town in Haskovo Province in the very south-east of Bulgaria set near the river Arda in the easternmost part of the Rhodope Mountains.

Madan (Мадан) is a town in Smolyan Province, the very south of Bulgaria in the Yellow Share of the Rhodope Mountains.

Krumovgrad (Крумовград, Koşukavak) is a town in Kardzhali Province in the very south of Bulgaria, located in the Eastern Rhodopes on the banks of the river Krumovitsa.

Krichim (Кричим) is a town in Bulgaria, located in the southwestern part of Plovdiv Province close to Perushtitsa.

Kostandovo (Костандово) is a small town in the Pazardzhik Province, southern Bulgaria.

Laki (Лъки) is a small town in Laki Municipality in Plovdiv Province, southern Bulgaria.

Perushtitsa (Перущица) or Perushtitza is a Bulgarian town located in Perushtitsa Municipality, Plovdiv Province at the foot of the Rhodopes, 22 kilometers south of Plovdiv.

Nedelino (Bulgarian Cyrillic: Неделино) is a town and municipality in the Rhodope Mountains of the Smolyan Province, southern Bulgaria.

Madzharovo (Маджарово, formerly Dupnitsa) is a small Bulgarian town in the Eastern Rhodopes, part of Haskovo Province, situated on the banks of the river Arda.

Peshtera (Пещера, sometimes transliterated as Peštera) is a town in the Rhodope Mountains, southern Bulgaria.

Momchilgrad (Момчилград, "the town of Momchil"); is a town in the very south of Bulgaria, part of Kardzhali Province in the southern part of the Eastern Rhodopes.

Smolyan (Смолян) is a town and ski resort in the far south of Bulgaria near the border with Greece.

Zlatograd (Златоград, literally Gold town) is a town in Smolyan Province, Southern-central Bulgaria.

Rudozem (Bulgarian Cyrillic: Рудозем) is a town in southern Bulgaria, near the Greek border, located in the Rhodope Mountains, where the Elhovo and Chepino rivers flow into the Arda, and is part of Smolyan Province.

Velingrad (Велинград) is a town in Pazardzhik Province, Southern Bulgaria, located at the western end of Chepino Valley, part of the Rhodope Mountains.

Rakitovo (Ракитово) is a town in the Pazardzhik Province, Bulgaria.

Ahtopol (Ахтопол) is a town and seaside resort on the southern Bulgarian Black Sea Coast.

Balchik (Балчик, is a Black Sea coastal town and a seaside resort in the Southern Dobruja area of northeastern Bulgaria.

Albena (Албена) is a major Black Sea resort in northeastern Bulgaria, situated 12 km from Balchik and 30 km from Varna.

Aheloy (Ахелой) is a town and seaside resort in Burgas Province, eastern Bulgaria.

Bozhurets (Божурец) is a coastal village and seaside resort on the north Bulgarian Black Sea Coast, part of Dobrich Province.

Emona (Емона, ) is a village and seaside resort in southeast Bulgaria, situated in the Nesebar Municipality of the Burgas Province.

Byala (Бяла, white, Ancient Greek: Aspros, Άσπρος) is a small town and seaside resort in Eastern Bulgaria, located on the Bulgarian Black Sea Coast in Varna Province.

Dyuni (Дюни, "Dunes"; also Duni or Dyunite) is a holiday town and seaside resort on the Bulgarian Black Sea Coast, 40 km south of the Bulgarian city of Burgas and 7 km from Sozopol.

Durankulak (Дуранкулак) is a village in northeastern Bulgaria, part of Shabla Municipality, Dobrich Province.

Chernomorets (Черноморец) is a town on the Black Sea coast of southeastern Bulgaria.

Golden Sands (Bulgarian: Златни пясъци, Zlatni pyasatsi) is a major seaside resort town on the northern Bulgarian Black Sea Coast, adjacent to a national park of the same name in the municipality of Varna.

Kavarna (Каварна, is a Black Sea coastal town and seaside resort in the Dobruja region of northeastern Bulgaria.

Kiten (Китен, meaning "lovely, pretty") is a seaside resort town on the Bulgarian Black Sea Coast, part of Burgas Province.

Lozenets (Лозенец; also Lozenec, Lozenetz) is a village and seaside resort on the southern Bulgarian Black Sea Coast.

Kranevo (Кранево) is a coastal village on the northern Bulgarian Black Sea Coast, part of Balchik Municipality, Dobrich Province.

Obzor (Обзор; Thracian: Naulochos,, Naulochus, Tetranaulochus, or Templum Iovis) is a small town and seaside resort on the Black Sea coast of Bulgaria.

Ravda (Равда) is a coastal village and seaside resort in southeastern Bulgaria, situated in Nesebar municipality, Burgas Province.

Primorsko (Приморско) is a town and seaside resort in southeastern Bulgaria, part of Burgas Province.

Rezovo (Резово, ) is a village and seaside resort in southeastern Bulgaria, part of Tsarevo Municipality, Burgas Province, in the coastal Strandzha geographical region.

The Resort Complex of Kamchia, (Bulgarian Курортен Комплекс Камчия), is a Black Sea coastal resort on the northern length of the coast of Bulgaria.

Aqua Paradise Water Park (Аква Парадайз Несебър) is an aquapark in the historic Nesebar city in Bulgaria, Sunny Beach resort.

Shabla (Шабла) is a town and seaside resort in northeastern Bulgaria, administrative centre of the Shabla Municipality part of Dobrich Province.



The Arizona-Sonora Desert Museum is a 98-acre (40 ha) zoo, aquarium, botanical garden, natural history museum, publisher, and art gallery founded in 1952.

Blythe is a city in eastern Riverside County, California, United States, in the Palo Verde Valley of the Lower Colorado River Valley region, an agricultural area and part of the Colorado Desert along the Colorado River, approximately 224 mi east of Los Angeles and 150 mi west of Phoenix.

The Sonoran Desert (Desierto de Sonora) is a North American desert which covers large parts of the Southwestern United States in Arizona and California and of Northwestern Mexico in Sonora, Baja California, and Baja California Sur.

The Agua Dulce Mountains are a mountain range in the north-central Sonoran Desert of southwestern Arizona.

The Altar Valley is a 45-mile (72 km) long north-south valley, trending slightly northeast from Sasabe, Arizona on the Mexico border to the Avra Valley west of the Tucson Mountains.

The Colorado River is one of the principal rivers (along with the Rio Grande) in the Southwestern United States and northern Mexico.

Boyce Thompson Arboretum is the largest and oldest botanical garden in the state of Arizona.

California's Colorado Desert is a part of the larger Sonoran Desert.

The Cabeza Prieta Wilderness is located in the Sonoran Desert in southwestern Arizona in the United States.

Cabeza Prieta National Wildlife Refuge (CPNWR) is located in southwestern Arizona in the United States, along 56 mi of the Mexico–United States border.

The Colorado River Delta is the region where the Colorado River flows into the Gulf of California (also known as the Sea of Cortez) in eastern Mexicali Municipality in the north of the state of Baja California in northwestern-most Mexico.

Desert Magazine was a monthly regional publication based in the Colorado Desert published between 1937 and 1985.

The Desert Laboratory is a historic biological research facility at 1675 West Anklam Road in Tucson, Arizona.

Colossal Cave is a large cave system in southeastern Arizona, United States, near the community of Vail, about 22 mi southeast of Tucson.

El Camino del Diablo (Spanish, meaning "The Devil's Highway") is a historic 250 mi road that currently extends through some of the most remote and arid terrain of the Sonoran Desert in Pima County and Yuma County, Arizona.

Hohokam was a society located in the North American Southwest, in the areas now part of Arizona and Sonora, Mexico.

The Gila River (O'odham [Pima]: Keli Akimel or simply Akimel, Quechan: Haa Siʼil) is a 649 mi-long tributary of the Colorado River flowing through New Mexico and Arizona in the United States.

The Gran Desierto de Altar is one of the major sub-ecoregions of the Sonoran Desert, located in the State of Sonora, in northwest Mexico.

The Pinacate Peaks (Sierra Pinacate, ) are a group of volcanic peaks and cinder cones located mostly in the Mexican state of Sonora along the international border adjacent to the U.S. state of Arizona, surrounded by the vast sand dune field of the Gran Desierto de Altar, at the desert's southeast.

El Elegante (Spanish for elegant one) is a maar (a type of volcanic crater) located in the Gran Desierto de Altar in the Sonoran Desert, Mexico.

The Kitt Peak National Observatory (KPNO) is a United States astronomical observatory located on Kitt Peak of the Quinlan Mountains in the Arizona-Sonoran Desert on the Tohono O'odham Nation, 88 km west-southwest of Tucson, Arizona.

Kitt Peak is a mountain in the U.S. state of Arizona, and at 6883 ft is the highest point in the Quinlan Mountains.

Kartchner Caverns State Park is a state park of Arizona, United States, featuring a show cave with 2.4 mi of passages.

Lake Havasu is a large reservoir formed by Parker Dam on the Colorado River, on the border between California and Arizona.

The La Posa Plain is a wide, generally flat plain in western Arizona near the Colorado River and is on the west and northwest border of the Kofa National Wildlife Refuge.

The Pimería Alta (Upper Pima Land) was an area of the 18th century Sonora y Sinaloa Province in the Viceroyalty of New Spain, that encompassed parts of what are today southern Arizona in the United States and northern Sonora in Mexico.

Picacho Peak State Park is a state park surrounding Picacho Peak in Picacho, Arizona.

Mexicali Municipality is a municipality (municipio) in the Mexican state of Baja California.

The Lechuguilla Desert is a small desert located in southwestern Arizona near the U.S.-Mexico border.

The Nude Bowl was a popular skateboarding locale from the late 1970s to the early 1990s.

Saguaro National Park is an American national park in Pima County, southeastern Arizona.

The Sonoran Arthropod Studies Institute (established in 1986) is a non-profit organization, located in the Sonoran Desert in Tucson, Arizona, whose mission is to educate the public about arthropods.

The Rillito River (Spanish "Little River") flows from east to west across the northern boundary of the City of Tucson from the confluence of Tanque Verde Creek and Pantano Wash to the Santa Cruz River 21.8 mile away.

The Quinlan Mountains is a mountain range in the U.S. state of Arizona.

Quitobaquito Hills is a range of hills in Pima County, Arizona.

The Spanish missions in the Sonoran Desert are a series of Jesuit Catholic religious outposts established by the Spanish Catholic Jesuits and other orders for religious conversions of the Pima and Tohono O'odham indigenous peoples residing in the Sonoran Desert.

Sonoran Desert National Monument is south of Goodyear and Buckeye and east of Gila Bend, Arizona.

The Tombstone Epitaph is a Tombstone, Arizona-based monthly publication that covers the history and culture of the Old West.

The Southeastern Arizona Bird Observatory (SABO) is a nonprofit membership-supported scientific and educational organization founded in 1996 in Bisbee, Arizona, USA.

The Tonopah Desert is a small desert plains region of the Sonoran Desert, located west of Phoenix, Arizona.

The Yuma Desert is a lower-elevation section of the Sonoran Desert in the southwestern United States and the northwest of Mexico.

The Tule Desert is a small desert located in southwestern Arizona near the U.S.-Mexico border.

The Yuha Desert is a section of the Sonoran Desert located in the Imperial Valley of California; south of Interstate 8, west of El Centro, and north of the international border.

Acklam Grange School is a coeducational community secondary school located at Lodore Grove, Acklam, Middlesbrough, England.

Adler University is a private university with two campuses in North America, one in Chicago, Illinois, and one in Vancouver, British Columbia.

Radha Krishna Gupta Adarsh Vidyalaya Inter College, Dildar Nagar is a premier college of the Uttar Pradesh State Board, located in the fast developing East Dildar Nagar area.

Ajloun Baptist School (Arabic: المدرسة المعمدانية - عجلون) is a private, co-educational school based in Jordan.

Abetifi Presbyterian College of Education is a teacher education college in Abetifi-Kwahu (Kwahu East, Eastern, Ghana).

Alagappa Chettiar Government College of Engineering and Technology (ACGCET-Karaikudi) is an autonomous (with effect from 2009) college of engineering in Karaikudi, Tamil Nadu, India.

The Brittons Academy (formerly Brittons School) is a mixed secondary school located in the Rainham area of the London Borough of Havering, England.

Campbell High School is a public high school and International Baccalaureate magnet school located in Smyrna, Georgia U.S., northwest of Atlanta.

Cahokia High School is a public high school in Cahokia, Illinois that is part of the Cahokia Unit School District 187.

Canons High School (CHS) is an academy school situated in Edgware in the eastern part of the London Borough of Harrow.

The BYU College of Nursing is one of the 16 colleges that make up Brigham Young University.

Carlmont High School is a public high school in Belmont, California, United States serving grades 9–12 as part of the Sequoia Union High School District.

Cardinal Cushing College was a private, Catholic women's college in Brookline, Massachusetts.

Catholicate College, Pathanamthitta, established in 1952, is an institution of higher education at Pathanamthitta of Kerala, India.

CATS College Canterbury (formerly Stafford House College) is a coeducational Independent day and boarding school located in Canterbury, England, catering primarily for foreign students.

G. W. Carver High School was a public high school located in Hahnville, Louisiana in St. Charles Parish, Louisiana.

Central Bucks High School West is a public high school serving students in tenth through twelfth grades.

Chaminade College Preparatory is a private Catholic preparatory school with two campuses in the San Fernando Valley region of Los Angeles, California, United States.

Cavendish Road State High School is a co-educational, state secondary school, located at 695 Cavendish Road, Holland Park, Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.

Central Baptist College (CBC) is a private liberal arts college in Conway, Arkansas.

The Changchun Institute of Optics, Fine Mechanics and Physics (CIOMP; ), of the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS), is a research institution in Changchun, Jilin, China.

The China University of Geosciences (abbreviated 地大 or CUG) is a key national university directly under the administration of the Education Ministry of the People's Republic of China.

Chapel-en-le-Frith High School is a mixed gender comprehensive school in Chapel-en-le-Frith in the county of Derbyshire, England.

천안여자고등학교 (Cheonan Girls’ High School), often referred to simply as Cheonan Yeogo in Korean, is a South Korean Public School for girls aged 15 to 18.

Chengdu University of Science and Technology was a university in Chengdu, China.

The China University of Geosciences (Beijing) (abbreviated CUGB or 北京地大) is a key national university directly under the administration of the Education Ministry of the People's Republic of China.

China University of Political Science and Law (CUPL; simplified Chinese: 中国政法大学; traditional Chinese: 中國政法大學; pinyin: Zhōngguó Zhèngfǎ Dàxué abbr.

Chonnam National University("CNU"), founded in 1952 as the flagship national university for the southwestern region of Korea, has been proudly cultivating young talents for the region and the nation.

Choctawhatchee High School is a high school in Fort Walton Beach, Florida.

Christ Church Secondary School (Abbreviation: CHR) is a government-aided secondary school located in Woodlands, Singapore, next to Singapore Sports School as well as Woodlands South MRT station which opened on 31 January 2020.

Chongqing Jianzhu University was a university in Chongqing, People's Republic of China, from 1952 to 2000.

Chungnam National University (CNU) is a national university located in Daejeon, South Korea.

Colegio San Ignacio de Loyola is an all-male, Catholic, Jesuit, college-preparatory school founded by the Society of Jesus in San Juan, Puerto Rico, in 1952.

City High School is a school in Nairobi, Kenya.

Christiansen Academy (also known as Academia Christiansen or C.A.) was a private boarding school that provided an American-style education from kindergarten through grade 12 in Rubio, Táchira, Venezuela.

Colegio Jorge Washington (COJOWA), previously the George Washington School, is an international school located in Cartagena, Colombia, with a main campus in Zona Norte and a preschool campus in Bocagrande.

Crystal Springs Uplands School is an independent, coeducational, college prep day school in Hillsborough, California, United States.

Columbia College Hollywood is a private college Los Angeles, California.

Conestoga Christian School (also known as CCS) is a private Christian school located in Morgantown, Pennsylvania, United States.

The Whitstable School is an academy in Whitstable, Kent.

Craigclowan Preparatory School is an independent day preparatory school for boys and girls aged 3 to 13 in Perth, Scotland.

Dalian Ocean University (, Dalian Fisheries University before 2010) is a university in Dalian, China.

Czech University of Life Sciences Prague (CULS; (Česká zemědělská univerzita v Praze), ČZU; also Czech University of Agriculture in Prague) is a university of agricultural education and research in Prague, the Czech Republic, established in 1906.

The D. G. Ruparel College of Arts, Science and Commerce is a college in Mahim, Mumbai, India.

Darsgah-i-Islami Higher Secondary School is a secondary school in Faizabad, India.

Dalian No. 8 Senior High School (Chinese:大连市第八高级中学) is a public high school in Dalian, Liaoning province, China.

De La Salle College is an all-male state secondary school in Churchtown, Dublin 14, in Ireland.

DePaul College Prep, formerly known as Gordon Technical High School, is a Roman Catholic high school located in Chicago, Illinois, United States.

Deshbandhu College (देशबंधु कॉलेज), established in 1952, shares a building and some facilities with Ramanujan College as of 2016.

Deloraine High School is a co-educational public high school in Deloraine, Tasmania, Australia.

Devadhar Government Higher Secondary School is a State Government owned Higher Secondary School located in K Puram, near Tanur in Malappuram District of Kerala State.

Dongbei University of Finance & Economics (DUFE, ) is a public university in Dalian, Liaoning province, China.

East China University of Science and Technology (, English acronym ECUST) is a research university located in Shanghai, China.

East China University of Political Science and Law (ECUPL; ) is a public university in Shanghai, People's Republic of China, founded in 1952.

Dominican College, also known as Dominican College of Blauvelt, is an independent, four-year and graduate-level liberal arts college in Orangeburg, New York.

East Clarendon Middle-High School is a combined public school located in the town of Turbeville, South Carolina.

Encinal High School is a public coeducational high school serving grades 6-12.

École Nationale Supérieure de l'Électronique et de ses Applications (also known as ENSEA) is a graduate school (grande école) of electrical engineering and computer science, located in Cergy (in Val d'Oise department) close to Paris in France.

The Elmhirst School was a comprehensive school on the B6100 (Ardsley Road) in Worsbrough Dale, south of Barnsley, South Yorkshire, England.

Byimana School of Sciences is a Catholic boarding high school in Rwanda.

Ecole Mission Secondary School is a high school located in Mission, British Columbia, Canada.

The Escola Brasileira de Administração Pública e de Empresas (EBAPE, Brazilian School of Public and Business Administration) is a Brazilian private higher education institution founded in April 1952 and linked to the Fundação Getúlio Vargas.

Fijai Senior High School, formerly Fijai Secondary School, is a co-educational senior high school located in the Western Region of Ghana.

The Escola Bahiana de Medicina e Saúde Pública (Bahian School of Medicine and Public Health, known simply as Bahiana) is a private and non-profit higher education school of medical sciences and health, established in 1952 in Salvador, Bahia, Brazil.

The Ethiopian Institute of Architecture, Building Construction and City Development (EiABC) is an institute in Addis Ababa.

George Mason High School (GMHS) is a comprehensive public high school serving the independent City of Falls Church.

Franklin Pierce High School in Parkland, Washington is named after the fourteenth US President, Franklin Pierce, who was president when the Washington Territory was formed in 1853.

The Georgian State University of Subtropical Agriculture was established on 26 January 1952 in Kutaisi, in the country of Georgia.

Glide High School (GHS) is a public high school in Glide, Oregon, United States.

Whitfield School, founded in 1952, is a private, non-sectarian preparatory school with more than 400 students in grades 6-12.

William Farr School is a Church of England academy school for 11- to 18-year-olds in Welton, Lincolnshire, England, 5 mi north-east of Lincoln, near the A46, and close to the neighbouring village of Dunholme.

The Wiawso College of Education (Collège d'éducation Wiawso) is a teacher education college in the Sefwi-Wiawso District, Western Region (Ghana).

Xavier High School is a Jesuit coeducational high school located on the island of Weno in Chuuk, Federated States of Micronesia.

Yavneh Day School located in Cincinnati, Ohio is an independent private Pre-K-8 Jewish day school that caters to all Jewish denominations and to affiliated as well as unaffiliated Jewish families.

Xinjiang Agricultural University (XAU) (شىنجاڭ يېزائېگىلىك ئۇنىۋېرسىتېتى) is a higher education institution in Ürümqi, the capital of the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, China.

Xavier Lyceum (Liceo Javier) is a Catholic private school, located in the City of Guatemala and founded in 1952 by the religious order of the Society of Jesus.

Xavier College, Madagascar, was opened by the Jesuits in 1952 in the city of Fianarantsoa in this island nation off the east coast of Africa.

Zhejiang Medical University was a former university in Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province, People's Republic of China.

Zhengzhou No.8 Middle School (Chinese: 郑州市 第八 中学 Zhèng-zhōu-shì dì-bā zhōng-xué) is a junior high school in Zhengzhou, Henan, China.

Yonezawa Women's Junior College (山形県立米沢女子短期大学) is a private junior women's college in Yonezawa, Yamagata, Japan, established in 1952.

The Yokohama Yamate Chinese School is a Chinese-style primary and junior high school in Naka-ku, Yokohama, Japan.

The Yokohama Overseas Chinese School (YOCS) is a Republic of China-oriented Chinese international school in Naka-ku, Yokohama, Japan.

The University of Zimbabwe (UZ) is a public university in Harare, Zimbabwe.

10th Street Market, also known as the Oakland Free Market or the Sanitary Free Market, was a commercial market district in Oakland, Alameda County, California.

The D.S. Chamberlain Building, also known as the L. W. Taylor Motor Company and Payne Motor Company Building, is a historic building located in Des Moines, Iowa, United States.

The Burnaugh Building, at 107 N. River St. in Enterprise, Oregon, was built during 1916–17 in Early Commercial style.

The Citizens State Bank is a historic bank building at 1402 Odenton Road in Odenton, Maryland.

The Arizona Hotel is a historic two-story building in Tucson, Arizona.

Commercial National Bank is an historic structure located in Downtown Washington, D.C. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.

The Dirty Duck building, or Dirty Duck Tavern building, was located at the intersection of Northwest Third Avenue and Glisan Street in Portland, Oregon's Old Town Chinatown neighborhood, in the United States.

Farmers and Merchants Bank Building, also known as The Wedge, is a historic bank building located at Monroe City, Monroe County, Missouri.

Farmers Savings Bank is a historic building located in Salem, Iowa, United States.

The Dockton Hotel, also known as Dockton School, was a building in Dockton, Washington on Maury Island.

The Frederick J. Osterling Office and Studio at 228 Isabella Street in the North Shore neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, was built in 1917.

The First National Bank of Haxtun building, at 145 S. Colorado Ave. in Haxtun, Colorado was built in 1917.

The First National Bank Building, at 502 S. Main St. in Rock Springs, Wyoming, is a historic building built in 1917.

First National Bank Building, also known as the Lawyers Building, is a historic office building located at Gastonia, Gaston County, North Carolina.

Gibson Company Building is a historic industrial / commercial building located at Indianapolis, Indiana.

The Hupmobile Building is located at 2523 Farnam Street in Midtown Omaha, Nebraska.

The H. Liebes and Company Building is a commercial building located at 625 SW Broadway Ave in southwest Portland, Oregon.

Hotel New York is a hotel in Rotterdam, the Netherlands, based in the former office building of the Holland America Lines (Nederlandsch Amerikaansche Stoomvaart Maatschappij).

The Lorenzo Hubbell Trading Post and Warehouse is located in the western part of the historic center of the city of Winslow, in Navajo County, Arizona.

Main Office of the New Castle Leather Company, also known as The Main Office of the Allied Kid Company from 1933 to 1977, is a historic office building located at Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware.

The People's Federal Savings and Loan Association is a historic bank building at 101 East Court Street in Sidney.

Perkins, Fellows & Hamilton Office and Studio is a brick and stone building located along the Magnificent Mile in the Near North Side community area of Chicago, Illinois.

The Mount Whitney Fish Hatchery, located in Independence, California, in the United States, is an historic fish hatchery that has played an important role in the preservation of the golden trout, California's state fish.

The MBA Building, or Modern Brotherhood of America Building, also known as the Brick and Tile Building, is a large office building in Mason City, Iowa, built in 1916-1917 for the Modern Brotherhood of America, a fraternal lodge.

The     Peoples National Bank Building, also known as the Elaine Apartments', is a former office building located at 101 E. Michigan Ave. in Jackson, Michigan.

The Rhode Island Hospital Trust Building is an historic commercial building at 15 Westminster Street in downtown Providence, Rhode Island, United States, designed by York & Sawyer.

The Shawnee Hotel, now called Shawnee Place, is a historic building in Springfield, Ohio.

Rhodes Pharmacy is a historic pharmacy building located at Newark in New Castle County, Delaware.

Pocahontas Fuel Company Store and Office Buildings are a historic company store and an office building located at Jenkinjones, McDowell County, West Virginia.

Pocahontas Fuel Company Store is a historic company store building located at Switchback, McDowell County, West Virginia.

The Simsbury Bank and Trust Company Building, also known as the former Town Hall Building, is a historic commercial and civic building at 760 Hopmeadow Street in Simsbury, Connecticut.

The United States National Bank Building in downtown Portland, Oregon, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

The Union Auto Company is located in Eau Claire, Wisconsin.

West Baden National Bank, also known as Springs Valley Bank & Trust Company, is a historic bank building located at West Baden Springs, Orange County, Indiana.

In Search of Lost Time (À la recherche du temps perdu)—also translated as Remembrance of Things Past— is a novel in seven volumes, written by Marcel Proust (1871–1922).

Goodbye to Berlin is a 1939 novel by Christopher Isherwood set in Weimar Germany.

The Girls of Radcliff Hall is a roman à clef novel in the form of a lesbian girls' school story written in the 1930s by the British composer and bon-vivant Gerald Berners, the 14th Lord Berners, under the pseudonym "Adela Quebec", published and distributed privately in 1932.

Better Angel is a novel by Forman Brown first published in 1933 under the pseudonym "Richard Meeker".

Dečki: roman iz dijaškega internata (English: Boys: A Novel from a Boarding School) is a novel by the Slovenian author France Novšak.

Nightwood is a 1936 novel by Djuna Barnes that was first published in London by Faber and Faber.

Strange Brother is a gay novel written by Blair Niles published in 1931.

Pied Piper of Lovers, published in 1935, is Lawrence Durrell's first novel.

The Temple is a semi-autobiographical novel written by Stephen Spender, sometimes labelled a Bildungsroman because of its explorations of youth and first love.

Jeunes filles en serre chaude (Young girls in a hothouse) is a 1934 novel by the French author Jeanne Galzy.

Torchlight to Valhalla is a lesbian-themed novel published by Random House in 1938, written by Gale Wilhelm.

Nkechi Ka Egenamba (born 1983), (first name pronounced n-kay-chee) known as Ninja, is an English rapper and the female lead vocalist for the British indie band The Go! Team.

Munachi Abii (born Munachi Gail Teresa Abii Nwankwo) is a Nigerian rapper / hip-hop artist, songwriter, television presenter model, and actress who performs under the name Muna.

Anthony Lawson Jude Ifeanyichukwu Obiawunaotu or Anthony Lawson Obi (born March 24, 1988), better known by his stage name Fat Tony, is an American rapper.

Naetochukwu Chikwe, stage name Naeto C, is a Nigerian rapper, Afrobeat artist and record producer.

Okechukwu Edwards Ukeje, better known by his stage name Mr Raw (formerly Dat N.I.G.G.A. Raw), is a rapper from Abia State Southeastern Nigeria.

Michael Ugochukwu Stephens (born March 30, 1976), known professionally as Ruggedman, is a Nigerian rapper from Ohafia, Abia State.

Chibuzor Nelson Azubuike (born 9 October 1986), better known as Phyno, is a Nigerian rapper, singer, songwriter and record producer.

In computer-based language recognition, ANTLR (pronounced antler), or ANother Tool for Language Recognition, is a parser generator that uses LL(*) for parsing.

Public-domain software is software that has been placed in the public domain: in other words, there is absolutely no ownership such as copyright, trademark, or patent.

Bhuvan, (lit: Earth), is an Indian web based utility which allows users to explore a set of map based content prepared by Indian Space Research Organisation.

ADMS is a public domain software to translate Verilog-A models into C-models which can be directly read by a number of SPICE simulators, including Spectre Circuit Simulator, Ngspice and HSpice.

The Adventures of Quik & Silva is a platform video game originally released on May 10, 1991 in the UK for the Amiga  and Atari ST.

Castle of the Winds (also known as "Castle of the Winds: Vanquish the Dark Forces") is a tile-based roguelike video game for Microsoft Windows.

In bioinformatics, BLAST (basic local alignment search tool) is an algorithm and program for comparing primary biological sequence information, such as the amino-acid sequences of proteins or the nucleotides of DNA and/or RNA sequences.

CMUCL is a free Common Lisp implementation, originally developed at Carnegie Mellon University.

Crazy Sue is a 2D platform game, which was first released in 1990 in issue 1 of the Amiga Fun magazine by MC Publications.

Blast2GO, first published in 2005,  is a bioinformatics software tool for the automatic, high-throughput functional annotation of novel sequence data (genes proteins).

CSPro, short for the Census and Survey Processing System, is a public domain data processing software package developed by the U.S. Census Bureau and ICF International.

Epi Info is statistical software for epidemiology developed by Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) in Atlanta, Georgia (US).

GSSHA (Gridded Surface/Subsurface Hydrologic Analysis) is a two-dimensional, physically based watershed model developed by the Engineer Research and Development Center of the United States Army Corps of Engineers.

Generalized Environmental Modeling System for Surfacewaters or GEMSS is a public domain software application published by ERM.

Epi Map is a module that displays geographic maps with data from Epi Info.

High Level Assembly (HLA) is a high-level assembly language developed by Randall Hyde.

ICI is a general purpose interpreted, computer programming language originally developed by Tim Long in the late 1980s.

Hydrus is a suite of Windows-based modeling software that can be used for analysis of water flow, heat and solute transport in variably saturated porous media (e.g., soils).

HeadFirst Public Domain was a library of public domain software for the BBC Micro and Acorn Electron 8-bit computers.

High Orbit Ion Cannon (HOIC) is an open-source network stress testing and denial-of-service attack application designed to attack as many as 256 URLs at the same time.

Icon is a very high-level programming language featuring goal-directed execution and many facilities for managing strings and textual patterns.

LandView is a public domain GIS viewer designed to display United States Census Bureau, Environmental Protection Agency (USEPA), and U.S.Geological Survey (USGS) data.

Integrated Software for Imagers and Spectrometers, also abbreviated to Isis, is a specialized software package developed by the USGS to process images and spectra collected by current and past NASA planetary missions sent to Earth's Moon, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, and other solar system bodies.

LaTeXML is a free, public domain software, which converts LaTeX documents to XML, HTML, EPUB, JATS and TEI.

Knights is an arcade game released in 1994 as public domain freeware by Kalle Marjola for the Commodore International Amiga home computer.

MetaPost refers to both a programming language and the interpreter of the MetaPost programming language.

MinGW (Minimalist GNU for Windows), formerly mingw32, is a free and open source software development environment to create Microsoft Windows applications.

mg, originally called MicroGnuEmacs (and later changed at the request of Richard Stallman ), is a public-domain text editor that runs on Unix-like operating systems.

Maziacs is an action adventure maze game published by DK'Tronics in 1983 for the ZX Spectrum, Commodore 64, and MSX.

Low Orbit Ion Cannon (LOIC) is an open-source network stress testing and denial-of-service attack application, written in C#.

Mystery House is an adventure game released by On-Line Systems in 1980.

MODFLOW is the U.S. Geological Survey modular finite-difference flow model, which is a computer code that solves the groundwater flow equation.

Mingw-w64 is a free and open source software development environment to create Microsoft Windows applications.

 NaCl  (pronounced "salt") is an abbreviation for "Networking and Cryptography library", a public domain "...high-speed software library for network communication, encryption, decryption, signatures, etc".

MT3D is a family of finite-difference groundwater mass transport modeling software, often used with MODFLOW.

Otter is an automated theorem prover developed by William McCune at Argonne National Laboratory in Illinois.

Prover9 is an automated theorem prover for first-order and equational logic developed by William McCune.

Phyz (Dax Phyz) is a public domain, 2.5D physics engine with built-in editor and DirectX graphics and sound.

Othello (オセロ) or Othello World for Game Boy, is a 1988 video game published by Acclaim Entertainment, made for the Nintendo Entertainment System.

Psychedelia is an early light synthesizer developed by Jeff Minter and published by Llamasoft in 1984.

UBASIC is a freeware (public domain software without source code) BASIC interpreter written by Yuji Kida at Rikkyo University in Japan, specialized for mathematical computing.

Public-domain-equivalent license are licenses that grant public-domain-like rights and/or act as waivers.

SWAT (Soil & Water Assessment Tool) is a river basin scale model developed to quantify the impact of land management practices in large, complex watersheds.

SAMtools is a set of utilities for interacting with and post-processing short DNA sequence read alignments in the SAM (Sequence Alignment/Map), BAM (Binary Alignment/Map) and CRAM formats, written by Heng Li.

re2c is a free and open-source software lexer generator for C and C++.

VistA Imaging is an FDA-listed Image Management system used in the Department of Veterans Affairs healthcare facilities nationwide.

VistAWeb is a portal accessible through CPRS (Computerized Patient Recordkeeping System), the graphical user interface for

The Veterans Health Information Systems and Technology Architecture (VISTA) is a health information system deployed across all veteran care sites in the United States.

WorldVistA is an not-for profit that provides the WorldVistA EHR, an open source implementation of the Veteran Administration's Electronic Health Record system intended for use in health care facilities outside the VA.

The Unlicense is a public domain equivalent license with a focus on an anti-copyright message.

Abu Dhabi Festival is an annual cultural festival in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates; established in 2004.

The Abu Dhabi Media Summit is an annual three-day international news media summit held in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, dealing with the transition to digital technology in the Middle East, the Indian Subcontinent, East Asia, and China.

The Abu Dhabi Motor Show is a biennial show held in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.

Abu Dhabi Medical Congress, popularly known as Abu Dhabi Med, is a medical healthcare exhibition and conference held annually at Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.

The Abu Dhabi Science Festival is a science festival organized by the Abu Dhabi Technology Committee (TDC) which takes place annually in Abu Dhabi, UAE.

The International Defence Exhibition & Conference, or IDEX, is a biennial arms and defence technology sales exhibition.

Cityscape Abu Dhabi is a real estate event, taking place in Abu Dhabi every year since 2007.

The Bride Show is the leading annual wedding event in the Middle East, comprising The Bride Show Abu Dhabi  and The Bride Show Dubai.

Tawdheef career fair is a recruitment exhibition held every year at Abu Dhabi National Exhibition Centre.

INTERMAT Middle East is an annual international trade show for the construction and materials industries.

The Zayed International Half Marathon is an annual road running competition which takes place in January in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.

Archegosauridae is a family of relatively large and long snouted temnospondyls that lived in the Permian period.

Diadectidae is an extinct family of early tetrapods that lived in what is now North America and Europe during the Late Carboniferous and Early Permian, and in Asia during the Late Permian.

Captorhinidae (also known as cotylosaurs) is one of the earliest and most basal reptile families, all members of which are extinct.

Burnetiidae is an extinct family of biarmosuchian therapsids that lived in the Permian period of South Africa and Russia.

Cistecephalidae is an extinct family of dicynodont therapsids from the Late Permian of South Africa, India and Zambia.

Burnetiamorpha is a clade of biarmosuchian therapsids.

Diadectomorpha are a clade of large tetrapods that lived in Euramerica during the Carboniferous and Early Permian periods and in Asia during Late Permian (Wuchiapingian), They have typically been classified as advanced reptiliomorphs ("reptile-like amphibians") close to the ancestry of the Amniota, though some paleontologists consider them basal synapsids.

Dissorophidae is an extinct family of medium-sized, temnospondyl amphibians that flourished during the late Carboniferous and early Permian periods.

The Diaphanopterodea or Paramegasecoptera are an extinct order of moderate to large-sized Palaeozoic insects.

The Diplocaulidae ("double cauls") is an extinct family of lepospondyl amphibians that arose during the Late Carboniferous and died out in the Late Permian.

The Diictodontia were a group of herbivorous Dicynodonts from the Permian of South Africa.

Eurypterids, often informally called sea scorpions, are a group of extinct arthropods that form the order Eurypterida.

The Fusulinida is an extinct order within the Foraminifera in which the tests are composed of tightly packed, secreted microgranular calcite.

Endothiodontia is a clade of dicynodont therapsids that includes the family Endothiodontidae and possibly the family Eumantellidae.

Edopoidea is a clade of primitive temnospondyl amphibians including the genus Edops and the family Cochleosauridae.

Etoushanocertidae is an extinct family of ceratitid ammonite cephalopods that were restricted to marine strata in Late Permian China.

Goniatids, informally goniatites, are ammonoid cephalopods that form the order Goniatitida, derived from the more primitive Agoniatitida during the Middle Devonian some 390 million years ago (around Eifelian stage).

Gorgonopsia is an extinct clade of non-mammalian synapsids from the Permian period.

Hipposauridae is an extinct family of biarmosuchian therapsids from the Late Permian of South Africa.

Idelinellidae is a family of fossil cockroach-like insects.

The Glossopteridaceae are an extinct family of plants belonging to Pteridospermatophyta, or seed ferns.

Lepospondyli  is a diverse taxon of reptiliomorph tetrapods.

Millerettidae is an extinct family of parareptiles from the Middle Permian to the Late Permian period (Capitanian - Changhsingian stages) of South Africa.

Meganisoptera is an extinct order of very large to gigantic insects, occasionally called griffinflies.

Nanictidopidae is an extinct family of therocephalian therapsids from the Late Permian.

Millerosauria is an order of Parareptiles that contains the families †Millerettidae and †Eunotosauridae.

The Palaeodictyopteroidea or Paleodictyopterida are an extinct superorder of Palaeozoic beaked insects, characterised by unique mouthparts consisting of 5 stylets.

The Palaeodictyoptera are an extinct order of medium-sized to very large, primitive Palaeozoic paleopterous insects.

Paraceltitidae is a family of Middle and Upper Permian cephalopods, that comprise the earliest of the Ceratitida.

Nycteroleteridae is a family of procolophonian parareptilians (extinct early reptiles) from the Middle to Late Permian of Russia and North America.

Otsheridae is an extinct family of small herbivorous anomodont therapsids that are known from the Permian of Russia.

The Rugosa, also called the Tetracorallia, are an extinct order of solitary and colonial corals that were abundant in Middle Ordovician to Late Permian seas.

Proetida is an order of trilobite that lived from the Ordovician to the Permian.

Pseudohaloritoidea, formerly Pseudohaloritaceae, is one of four superfamilies of the goniatitid suborderTornoceratatina.

The Rhiphaeoceratidae are a small family of nautilids included in the superfamily Tainocerataceae that comprises four very similar genera.

Rhachiocephalidae is an extinct family of dicynodont therapsids.

Trilobites ( meaning "three lobes") are a group of extinct marine arachnomorph arthropods that form the class Trilobita.

Seymouriamorpha were a small but widespread group of limbed vertebrates (tetrapods).

The Xenodiscaceae is a superfamily within the ammonoid order Ceratitida.

Scylacosauridae is an extinct family of therocephalian therapsids.

Venyukovioidea is an infraorder of anomodont therapsids from the Permian of Russia.

The Xenodiscidae are the earliest of the Ceratitida and comprise Middle and Upper Permian genera characterized by compressed, discoidal, evolute shells with rounded to acute venters and commonly with lateral ribs.

CBUFT-DT, UHF channel 26, is an Ici Radio-Canada Télé owned-and-operated television station located in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, which serves the province's Franco-Columbian population.

The Castlegar Rebels are a junior 'B' ice hockey team based in Castlegar, British Columbia, Canada.

Canada Wide Media Limited is an independently owned publishing company in Western Canada, based in Burnaby, British Columbia.

The Abbotsford Flyers were a Junior "A" ice hockey team from Abbotsford, British Columbia, Canada.

The 31st Legislative Assembly of British Columbia sat from 1976 to 1979.

CKVU-DT, virtual channel 10 (UHF digital channel 33), is a Citytv owned-and-operated television station licensed to Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.

Intrawest Resorts Holdings, Inc was a developer and operator of destination resorts and a luxury adventure travel company.

Named after Frank Gnup, head coach of the University of British Columbia Thunderbirds football team, from 1955 to 1973.

Educacentre College (Collège Éducacentre) is the only francophone college in British Columbia.

The Creston Clippers were a junior 'B' ice hockey team based in Creston, British Columbia, Canada.

The Other Press is the independent student newspaper of Douglas College, a multi-campus public college in British Columbia, Canada.

Whitewater Ski Resort is a ski resort in western Canada, located a 25-minute drive from Nelson in southern British Columbia.

The Peace Arch News (abbreviation is PAN) is a bi-weekly newspaper founded in 1976 that serves the White Rock/South Surrey area two times a week on Wednesday and Friday.

Lambrick Park Secondary School is a traditional four-year (grades 9-12) public secondary school located in Saanich, British Columbia, Canada.

In 1976, The Misadventures of Oscar McFoisy were published in thirty-six weekly British Columbia newspapers for two years and was featured in the BC Outdoor magazine for a year.

Kabel Noord (or officially known as NV Kabeltelevisie Noord-Oost Friesland) is a cable operator in the Netherlands, providing digital cable television, Internet, and telephone service to both residential and commercial customers in the northeast of the province of Friesland.